add questions to batch changes faq (#20355)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/batch_changes/references/faq.md

- Does your `repositoriesMatchingQuery` contain all the necessary flags? If you copied the query from the sourcegraph UI, note that some flags are represented as buttons (case sensitivity, regex, structural search), and do not appear in the query unless the experimental [`copyQueryButton`](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/18317) feature toggle is enabled.

### Can I create tickets or issues along with Batch Changes?
Batch Changes does not support a declarative syntax for issues or tickets.
However, [steps](../references/batch_spec_yaml_reference.md#steps-run) can be used to run any container. Some users have built scripts to create tickets at each apply:

- [Jira tickets](https://github.com/sourcegraph/campaign-examples/tree/master/jira-tickets)
- [GitHub issues](https://github.com/sourcegraph/batch-change-examples/tree/main/github-issues)

### What happens to the preview page if the batch spec is not applied?
Unapplied batch specs are removed from the database after 7 days.

### Can I pull containers from private container registries in a batch change?

> When [executing a batch spec](../explanations/how_src_executes_a_batch_spec.md), `src` will pull from the current container registry. If you are logged into a private container registry, it will pull from it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When [executing a batch spec](../explanations/how_src_executes_a_batch_spec.md), `src` will attempt to pull missing docker images. If you are logged into the private container registry, it will pull from it.
```

the previous text sounded a bit like "all images will be pulled frmo there now, regardless of their actual registry"

### What tool can I use for changing/refactoring `<programming-language>`?

> Batch Change supports any tool that can run in a container and produces diffs. You can use the tool/script that works for your stack or build your own, but here is a list of [examples](https://github.com/sourcegraph/batch-change-examples) to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Batch Changes supports any tool that can run in a container and changes file contents on disk. You can use the tool/script that works for your stack or build your own, but here is a list of [examples](https://github.com/sourcegraph/batch-change-examples) to get started.
```

Common language agnostic starting points:

> - `sed`, `yq`, `awq` are common utilities for changing text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sed`, `yq`, `awk` are common utilities for changing text
```

did you mean awk do is that some tool I don't know about?

Should we add a link to `yq`?
